Skip to Main Content
Blacksburg, VAHome
facebook twix-white-sm youtube
Search...
Go
Community
Residents
Business
Departments
Town Council
Town Council
-
Biographies
Strategic Goals
Voter Registration and Elections
Freedom Of Information Act (FOIA)
Town Code
Contact Us
Meetings
+
Get Involved
+
Town Council » Town Council

BiographiesFont Size:+-Share & BookmarkShare & Bookmark, Press Enter to show all options, press Tab go to next optionFeedbackPrint

Michael Sutphin 2026Michael Sutphin, Mayor
Term Expires: 12/31/29

Michael Sutphin was elected Mayor in 2025 following years of local government service. He was first elected to the Blacksburg Town Council in 2011 and
re-elected in 2015, 2019, and 2023. Michael previously served two terms as Vice Mayor and was the Town Council representative to the Planning Commission from 2018 to 2020.

He currently serves on the following:

Appointments:

Blacksburg - Virginia Tech Liaison Committee
Greater Montgomery Liaison Committee
Blacksburg Partnership
Cemetery Trustee Advisory Committee
Affiliations:

Main Street Connect
Like many in the community, Michael first moved to Blacksburg to attend Virginia Tech. After graduating with a bachelor’s degree in communication in 2006, Michael landed a job with his alma mater. He worked as a writer for the College of Agriculture and Life Sciences for five years and then as public relations coordinator for the Virginia-Maryland College of Veterinary Medicine for six years.

In 2017, Michael accepted a position as communications manager for Community Housing Partners, a Christiansburg-based affordable housing nonprofit. In 2024, he was named one of the Montgomery County Chamber of Commerce’s Forty Under 40.

Previously, Michael served on the board of directors of Equality Virginia, the state’s leading LGBT advocacy organization, from 2010 to 2017 and is a past chair of the organization. In 2015, he was appointed by Gov. Terry McAuliffe to the Governor’s LGBT Tourism Task Force.

Susan Anderson 2026
 
Susan Anderson, Vice Mayor
Term Expires: 12/31/29

Susan Anderson was elected to Town Council in 2006 and re-elected in November of 2009, 2013, 2017, 2021, and 2025. She is serving her fifth term as Vice Mayor. Anderson currently serves on the following:

Appointments:

Blacksburg-Virginia Tech Liaison Committee
 Greater Montgomery Liaison Committee
Blacksburg Partnership
Blacksburg Housing & Community Development Board
Blacksburg Museum & Cultural Foundation
New River Valley Regional Commission
Affiliations:

 Downtown Revitalization Committee
Anderson earned a Bachelor of Science degree from Mary Washington College in 1980, majoring in mathematics and classical civilization, and a Master of Science degree in mathematics from Virginia Tech in 1982. She taught mathematics at Virginia Tech for 40 years, retiring in June of 2023, and is a Senior Instructor Emerita of Mathematics. During her career, Anderson was an active member of the Virginia Tech Faculty Senate and the faculty advisor to the United Feminist Movement.

Anderson is the president of the board of directors of the Women's Resource Center of the New River Valley, a board member of the Community Health Center of the New River Valley, and a member of the Virginia NOW PAC. Since 1990 she has been married to Kim J. Kipling, professor emeritus of philosophy at Radford University. 
 
Darryl Campbell
Term Expires: 12/31/29Daryl Campbell 2026

Darryl Campbell has called Blacksburg home since 2008, first arriving as a Virginia Tech student and later becoming an engaged neighbor, mentor, and community builder. He earned both a Bachelor’s degree in Psychology and a Master’s degree in Natural Resources from Virginia Tech.

Professionally, Darryl supports contracting and negotiations efforts to help secure funding from federal, state, and foundation sources. He is also an active advocate for workers’ rights through the Virginia Tech chapter of United Campus Workers of Virginia (UCW-VT), where he serves on the Steering Committee and chairs UCW-Virginia’s Local Elections Committee.

Appointments:

Blacksburg Housing and Community Development Advisory Board
Agricultural & Forestal District Advisory Committee 
Affiliations: 

Downtown Blacksburg, Inc.
 
Lauren Colliver
Term Expires: 12/31/29
Lauren

Lauren Colliver was elected to her first term on the Town Council in 2017 and reelected in 2021 and 2025. She is a small business owner and employer in Blacksburg. She and her husband, Dr. Ethan Colliver, own and operate Renew & Restore Wellness. They owned and operated Valley Sports & Spine Clinic from 2011 - 2023. 

Lauren earned a Bachelor of Science from James Madison University in 1998, majoring in Biology. She worked towards a Master of Science in Natural Resources and Wildlife Management at Arizona State University.

Lauren is an active and engaged member of the community. She has served on the Blacksburg Jewish Community Center board and as Assistant Treasurer for Blacksburg New School. From 2009 to 2013, while homeschooling her children, she taught a science class at the Price House Nature Center for local homeschoolers.

Lauren's journey to Blacksburg is marked by a rich tapestry of experiences. She grew up in Northern Virginia, and after completing her bachelor’s degree, lived in Phoenix, Arizona; Cooperstown, New York; Salt Lake City, Utah; and Buffalo, New York before choosing to live in Blacksburg in 2009. This diverse background has given her a broad perspective that she brings to her community work. Lauren and Ethan have been married since 2001 and have enjoyed raising their four children in Blacksburg.

Lauren currently serves on the following:

Appointments:

Montgomery Regional Economic Development Commission
New River Valley Agency on Aging
Montgomery-Blacksburg-Christiansburg Development Corporation (MBCDC)
New River Valley Metropolitan Planning Organization (alternate)
Affiliations:

Montgomery County Tourism Development Council (MTDC)
Jerry Ford 2026
 
Jerry R. Ford, Jr
Term Expires: 12/31/27

Jerry R. Ford, Jr was elected to his first term on Town Council in 2018 and was reelected in 2019 and 2023.  He previously served on the town’s Long Range Planning Committee from January 2016 to January 2018 and was a member of the town’s Planning Commission from July 2016 to January 2018. He completed the 89th Certified Planning Commissioner Program on May 13, 2017.

A native Virginian, Ford first came to Blacksburg in 1987 to attend Virginia Tech. In 1991, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Biology and began, what became a 31-year career in public service with the Commonwealth of Virginia. Along the way, he received a Master’s of Science degree in Environmental Management from the University of Maryland University College.

Ford has served on the boards of two local non-profits, the New River Valley Bicycle Association, Inc. and Sustainable Blacksburg, Inc. and several Homeowners’ Associations. He also co-founded the non-profit NRV Bike Kitchen, Inc.

He recognizes the rich outdoor opportunities the town and region have to offer. He enjoys bicycling, especially Rails-To-Trails, the performing arts, reading, and visiting Virginia’s many historical sites and state parks. He has resided in Blacksburg for over 33 years and has been married to his wife, Beth, since 1999

Ford currently serves on the following:

Appointments:

Blacksburg Planning Commission
Montgomery County - Blacksburg Local Emergency Planning Commission (LEPC)
New River Valley Passenger Rail Authority

Joel GoodhartJoel Goodhart
Term Expires: 12/31/26

Born and raised in the NRV, Joel is proud to call Blacksburg home. For his studies, he received a Bachelor of Science degree in Business Management and a Master’s of Science degree in Information Technology from Virginia Tech.

Joel has served on the board of the New River Valley Bicycle Association, Inc. and he previously served on the Town's Housing and Community Development Advisory Board. He also helped co-found the Blacksburg Bike Bus and the local chapter of Strong Towns Blacksburg.He enjoys riding bikes, playing board games, reading, teaching, and learning about urbanism and transportation. He has two children and has been married to his wife, Teri, since 2015.

Appointments:

New River Valley Metropolitan Planning Organization
Corridor Advisory Committee
Recreation Advisory Board
Affiliations: 

Friends of the Farmers Market

 
Andrew KassoffAndy Kassoff
Term Expires 12/31/26

Andrew Kassoff was appointed to Town Council on January 27, 2026. He previously served on the Blacksburg Planning Commission since 2010, serving as the Chairman since 2022. Prior to that he served as the Chairman of the Blacksburg Stormwater Task Force from its inception in 2007 to its completion in 2010.
Andy earned a bachelors degree in Geology from James Madison University and a Masters degree in Environmental Engineering from Virginia Tech. He was the President and cofounder of the environmental engineering consulting firm EEE Consulting, Inc. (EEE), which employed over 20 professionals in Blacksburg and over 60 statewide. Following the acquisition of EEE by Wetland Studies and Solutions, Inc. (WSSI) in 2021, he served as a regional Director for WSSI until his retirement in 2024.

Andy was born in Washington, DC and has lived in Falls Church, McLean, Loudoun, Fauquier, Charlottesville and Ashland, Virginia, as well as New Hampshire, Ohio and West Virginia. He, his wife Tamara, and his two young boys moved to Blacksburg in 1996 from Ashland. His sons matriculated through the Blacksburg public school system and attended UVA and Virginia Tech respectively. A lifelong outdoor enthusiast, Andy enjoys hiking, birding, fishing, hunting, cycling, snorkeling, golf, swimming and travel for adventure.

Appointments:

Montgomery County Chamber of Commerce Board
New River Valley Agency on Aging (alternate)
Blacksburg Public Arts Committee
Affiliations: 

Town/Gown Committee
 

Community Residents Business Departments Town CouncilContact Us Freedom of Information Act (FOIA) Municipal Code Site Map Link PolicyCopyright © 2026 Town of Blacksburg, VA • Privacy Policy And Disclaimer • Website Design by GranicusAbout Town
Loading ...